---
layout: post
title:  "2023-09-04: Version 4.56 available"
date:   2023-09-04
language: en
language_reference: 2023-09-04
published: true
---

## {{ page.title }}

The Version 4.56 of QuickImageComment ist now available.

### Enhancements and improvements:

* Sequence number of the image is displayed below the image to the left of the file name.
* New internal fields "Image.MetaDataWarningsExiv2" and "Image.MetaDataWarningsNotExiv2". The fields allow to search for images with corresponding messages - separated by whether the message comes from Exiv2 or not. Since the search does not read the meta-data completely, the warnings may be incomplete.
* In the text field for the query in the mask "Search via Properties - Edit query" manual changes can be undone with Ctrl-Z and restored with Ctrl-Y. In each case, all changes since the text field was filled (when the mask is opened or when "Previous" or "Next" is pressed) are undone.

### The following errors have been fixed:

* With each restart, the mask became smaller if scaling for Toolbar was set to a different value than for general scaling.
* When changing the scaling in full screen mode, a part of the mask could be cut off on the right and bottom.
* Variant for Windows XP only: Crash when saving changes to JPEG files.

### Download

{% assign version = 4.56 %}
{% assign release =  "Version-4.56-with-exiv2Cdecl-0.0.28.0.4" %}
[Program 64-Bit - .Net 4.6.1 or higher](https://github.com/QuickImageComment/QuickImageComment/releases/download/{{ release }}/
QIC-64Bit-{{ version }}.zip)<br>
[Program 32-Bit - .Net 4.6.1 or higher](https://github.com/QuickImageComment/QuickImageComment/releases/download/{{ release }}/
QIC-32Bit-{{ version }}.zip)<br>
[Program 32-Bit for Windows XP with .Net 4.0](https://github.com/QuickImageComment/QuickImageComment/releases/download/{{ release }}/
QIC-Net4WinXP-{{ version }}.zip)<br>
[User Manual](https://github.com/QuickImageComment/QuickImageComment/releases/download/{{ release }}/QIC_User_Manual-{{ version }}.pdf)
