---
layout: post
title:  "2023-12-29: Version 4.57 available"
date:   2023-12-29
language: en
language_reference: 2023-12-29
published: true
---

## {{ page.title }}

The Version 4.57 of QuickImageComment ist now available.

### Enhancements and improvements:

* For users who start the program with different configurations via the command line (or adapted shortcuts): With the switch "/TitleSuffix:" a text can be defined, which is additionally displayed in the mask title of the main mask.
* Export of selected properties: Line breaks and line feeds (CR/LF) in metadata are replaced by spaces to avoid problems when importing into Excel.
* Only for the .Net 4.6.1 variants: New version 0.28.1 of the exiv2 library integrated: minor bugs have been fixed.
* Only for the .Net 4.6.1 variants: New version 0.21.1 of the library LibRaw integrated: minor bug fixed when decoding images from some Panasonic cameras.
* Metadata of iPhone .heic files and JPEG-XL files (.jxl) are displayed.

### The following errors have been fixed:

* Occasionally the program could block if files in the displayed folder were added, changed or deleted by other programs.
* If files were deleted, the file counter at the bottom left was not updated.
* If a folder containing images with IPTC keywords was opened the first time the program was used (i.e. no configuration file saved yet), the program crashed.
* Refresh folder tree under Windows 11 caused a crash. Under other Windows versions, the update was incomplete if there were several folders with the same name.

### Download

{% assign version = 4.57 %}
{% assign release =  "Version-4.57-with-exiv2Cdecl-0.28.1.0" %}
[Program 64-Bit - .Net 4.6.1 or higher](https://github.com/QuickImageComment/QuickImageComment/releases/download/{{ release }}/
QIC-64Bit-{{ version }}.zip)<br>
[Program 32-Bit - .Net 4.6.1 or higher](https://github.com/QuickImageComment/QuickImageComment/releases/download/{{ release }}/
QIC-32Bit-{{ version }}.zip)<br>
[Program 32-Bit for Windows XP with .Net 4.0](https://github.com/QuickImageComment/QuickImageComment/releases/download/{{ release }}/
QIC-Net4WinXP-{{ version }}.zip)<br>
[User Manual](https://github.com/QuickImageComment/QuickImageComment/releases/download/{{ release }}/QIC_User_Manual-{{ version }}.pdf)
